Tanner Purves
Mr. Torgrimson
Mobile App 10-1
21 January 2014



Date: 1/21/2014

Prompt: iPhone 6 said to be unveiled in June in two large-screen sizes

Response: Rumors of the iPhone 6 are already rolling in by the dozen. "Suposedly" the iphone 6 will come in two large-screen sizes
	  and could be unveiled this June. According to these sources, the upcoming iPhone 6 will most likely have a 4.7-inch,
	  1,136-pixel-by-640 pixel display. They said that Apple could release another smartphone shortly later that has a higher
	  larger resolution screen.

Date: 1/22/2014

Prompt: Beats Music: The music service for people who don't know what they want to listen to (hands-on)

Response: Audiophiles and anybody who doesn't care for "celebrity-endorsed products often have unkind words for Beats by Dre 
	  headphones, which have had amazing success in recent years despite their high prices. Whether you like Beats, or hate
	  them, with clever branding and some smart partnerships, Beats helped ignite the headphone explosion that is happening
	  today.

Date: 1/24/204

Prompt: How to watch the Super Bowl live

Response: The Denver Broncos will be facing off the Seattle Seahawks in this year's Super Bowl. The game looks to be one of the 
	  best Super Bowls yet, and not just because it's the first time it is being played in a cold weather environment. The
	  real question is will Peyton Manning finally get his second ring, or will he fall to Russel Wilson and the Seattle 
	  Seahawks? Find out by tuning in by Cable, over-the-air, Online, or even on your Smartphone or Tablet.

Date: 1/27/2014

Prompt: TronicalTune: A robot tuner for almost any guitar (hands-on)

Response: TronicalTune, a robotic tuner that will tune almost any guitar in a matter of seconds. Some will say it's just another
	  product for someone who is too lazy to just do it themself, but for actual artists who are playing concerts, this 
	  supplies a quick tune or key change in the middle of the concert. And it does it all in seconds.

Date: 1/28/2014

Prompt: Efficient diesel engine meets connected tech

Response: The 2014 Audi A7 TDI with a diesel drivetrain boasts an impressive fuel economy for a large car. Google local search
	  and Google Earth are integrated with the navigation. Bang & Olufsen audio gives some great music production from the 	
	  car also.The bottom line is this is a high-tech awesome car, the only problem is... it starts out at $66,900.

Date: 1/29/2014

Prompt: Moshi SenseCover for iPhone 5/5S has touchy new feature

Response: The new flip-cover or "folio" cases for smartphones can be pretty cool and handy at the same time. One problem with these
	  cases however, is that when you're answering a call or have the phone held up to your ear. This has been solved with a 	
	  new flip case from SenseCover. This has a built-in window, along with touch sensors which allow you to answer phone
	  calls, check the time, or turn off alarms without opening the front of the case.

Date: 1/31/2014

Prompt: Discless Xbox One would be amazing. But too radical a move for Microsoft

Response: Microsoft has come out and confirmed that the first Xbox One dashboard update will come out in March, and yes, the 
	  company will be releasing its previously employee-only all white console later this year. The most important future of 
	  the Xbox hardware, and the console market all together, slided in near the end of all the rumors. It said that 
	  Microsoft was toying with the possibility of releasing an Xbox One with a 1TB hard drive and no optical disc drive for
	  as little as $399.

Date: 2/3/2014

Prompt: A cleaner, more colorful budget Chromebook

Response: The new HP Chromebook 11 has a sharp design, a comfortable keyboard, bright IPS display, and very loud speakers. What
	  more could you want in a laptop right? Wrong, the new chromebook now comes in 4G LTE so it is connected everywhere you 
	  go. And the sweetest deal of all... starting at just $279.99.

Date: 2/5/2014

Prompt: Samsung Galaxy S5: Every rumor about the specs and release date of Samsung's next big phone

Response: The Galaxy S5 is a phone that has many rumors... Not all of these are true, but some of them are very convincing.
	  Some things are certain about the GS5, this is that it will include several hardware upgrades with the new device,
	  including a new camera, possibly with an improved sensor, a powerful processor, and maybe a fast-charging battery.

Date: 2/6/2014

Prompt: See sapphire protect an iPhone from a huge concrete block

Response: Sapphire has been the latest buzzword thats been floating around the world of Apple. The compony could soon activate
	  a new facility in Arizona to churn out sapphire screens for... something. Maybe the displays of an upcoming iPhone 6?
	  Maybe a new iWatch, or perhaps just more Touch ID screens?

Date: 2/7/2014

Prompt: Snowmaking with computers and an iPhone

Response: At Northstar ski resort in Lake Tahoe, Calif., they are trying to keep their slopes covered during a drought, the 
	  snowmaking system is automated to make the process more efficient. These snow guns near the lifts of the mountain
	  blast snow onto the mountain to keep it at its best even when the season is at its worst. The surprising thing about
	  all of this, is that it can all be controlled with an iphone.